  Spoken: The statement I would like to make is to all my loved ones - and to the Abrahams and Williams families.  We came a long way through the tragedy - from hate to love and I would like to apologize for the pain I have caused all my families on both sides.  I am looking at you Mr. Frank: I am sorry brother for what happened to your sister and I hope that you would forgive me one day.  Ask God to forgive me and ask God to forgive you and allow me to pass through.  My brother Farooq, I love you my brother and send my love to all my family members.  And I was not a monster like they said I was.  I made a mistake and this mistake cost - but they won't cost no more.  I leave you with all my love and blessings.  may Allah bless each and every one of you.  Written: Hello to all: Tonight I take my last walk as well breath in this world called Earth.  I state that to show I'm not saddened or enjoied to see this moment.  Because I leave behind alot of people that loved me, that believe I could had been that someone.  If I been given a real chance in life instead of denial or incarceration everytime I was arrested for something the community believed I did.  To be here on Texas death Row show all people that we people of American don't care about helping.  This is about destroying lives to show they can kill, but they hide behind laws of American.  I'm not disappointed of the system or nobody because this is how it's supposed to be.  Texans was breed that way to live, think, act.  But someone is mad that a system that's supposed to protect and uphold what is just and right, has shown it's just as crooked as I am said to be. Now I lay here dead.  But we have gave all Texans the sign that in some instances, and in some cases "KILLING IS ALRIGHT TO DO AS LONG IT'S FOR JUSTICE OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE".  So who win?  No one do! Ain't no such thing as a closure!  Because we all still will remember who ain't here on them special detes, occasion's ect...  So no victorious, heros and happiness.  but in ALLAH's (GOD) eye justice is his, and we should cry out for his forgiveness.  I leave with ALLAH's blessing as well mercy for my soul.  I'm free now!  Let me rest in peace. Nam-myoho-renge-kyo! Salaamu! Amen! Bro. D'Reehcer Ali Smaillii Muhammd. (formely known as) Richard Earl Head-Williams III 
