  Yes, first I would like to speak to the victims' family.  First of all, I would like to say that I do not know any of y'all and that is unfortunate, because I would like to apologize to each and every one of you individually.  I can't imagine what I have taken from y'all, but I do want to apologize and I want to let you know that I did do it.  You guys know that I am guilty and I am sorry for what I have done.  I apologize and I know that you may not be able to forgive me and I know that may not be able to forgive me in this life and in this world, but I hope sometime in the future you will be able to find it in you to forgive me.  And I want you to know that Christina, she did not suffer as much as you think she did.  I promise you that.  I give you my word.  I know you guys want to know where the rest of her remains are.  I put her remains in the Trinity River.  I have said that since I have come to death row.  I want to apologize to you again.  I hope sometime in the future you can forgive me.  Okay, now I want to speak to my mom and my family.  Brother Anderson, Kathy, I want you to know that I appreciate all these years that you have been coming to see me on death row and Daddy, I love you.  I appreciate y'all being here and being strong for me, and Mama, you know I love you, and I appreciate all of these visits, the letters and everything y'all have done for me.  Y'all have been wonderful.  You too, Granny.  I love y'all and you know, I want to apologize to y'all too for what I have done.  For all of the pain that I have caused, but all of this pain has brought us closer together and all of this suffering that we have been through has brought us all closer to the Lord and in the end that is what counts.  Isn't it?  That's what counts in the end; where you stand with Almighty God.  I know that God has used this to change my life.  And it's all been worth it because of that.  If I lie here today where I lie, I can say in the face of death, Jesus is Lord.  He has changed my life and I know that when I leave this body, I am going home to be with the Lord forever.  That is all I want to say.  I love y'all and I won't say goodbye, I will say I will see you again.  I love you, Daddy. Tonight I dance on the streets of gold.  Let those without sin cast the first stone.  
