 Spoken: To all my family and friends, I want you to know that I love you very much.  I appreciate all the good and bad times together.  I'll always remember you, and love you forever.  And to the West family, I hope you can find it in your heart to find forgiveness and strength, to move on and find peace.  Written: The Death Penalty in Texas is broke.  When an attorney can be forced to represent you, who is not qualified to represent you under Texas laws, the system does not work.  When an attorney can dismiss your appeal process, by missing a filing deadline or for failing to file documents on behalf of a client, thats not Due Process of Law as guaranteed under the Unites States Constitution, the system does not work.  When officials of any state, such as the State of Texas, has so much confidence in their justice system, mistakes will be made, and innocent people will be executed.  Texas has executed innocent people, and tonight, Texas has shown just how broke and unfair its system is.  There is no clemency in Texas, a process that needs to be reviewed, and fixed.  Most importantly, the Texas Justice System need to be fixed.  I hope the politicians such as Elliot Nashtat, Harold Dutton, Rodney Ellis, and others, continue to do their part in trying to fix the Texas Justice System, and until so is done, continue to work for a moratorium on the death penalty in Texas. The victim of this case is NOT forgotten.  To the West family, I hope you find in your hearts forgiveness and peace, and find the strength to move forward and the closure they are looking for.  Nicholas West is not forgotten, and never will be forgotten.  To my family and friends, Anne Dolatschko, Debbie Bilodeau, and the many supporters around the world, as well as my attorneys, Michael Charlton, who has always been there for me and done everything in their will and power to help me and stand by my side, I love you dearly, and you will always be in my heart forever.  Please continue to struggle and fight against the death penalty, as its only use has been for revenge, and it does not deter crime.  Its time for a moratorium in the State of Texas.  
